[Music]
Hello friends, my name is Kanha
Gupta and welcome to today's video
and I am going to show you the
insurance renewal process in this video
and I am going to explain it in a very easy way
because this is my last
third year insurance renewal,
after this my car warranty is also going to expire,
so in this video I
will explain how you can
renew the insurance and which is going to be the best
insurance, I mean I
cannot tell you the best right now for this reason
because I do not have any other option right
now to change the insurance policy, to
change the insurance company, I am
renewing with this and I had
not made any claim etc. last year, due to this
reason I will
share the details with you guys, this time I am getting the
option of no claim bonus on 25 20 here, in
which
I am getting a benefit of around 00 and the basic
premium is 891, zero
depreciation is coming to
959, which is my
car which you guys must have always seen,
In the video, this car is of mint color CG0 5A 566
so the total amount is coming out to me
2988 so after including almost complete taxes etc.,
I am getting this insurance of 000 in
which I am getting only zero
depreciation cover here and
I have not added on anything else, I will
tell you one more thing later in this video which is not there in it, so let's proceed to make the
payment further and
see, yes in this I have kept the IDV value at the maximum, the
highest
17999, I have also kept the IDV value which I do
not want to keep it less,
I will keep it as much as possible here and I will give you the same advice,
so I have
thought of renewing the insurance for the third year
here and the total amount came out to be
988 almost 000 so let's proceed to prepare, you do
n't have to do anything, you have to
enter your vehicle number and the
last five digits of the name of your vehicle
After that you will come to this option
which is visible on your screen right now,
after that you can choose IDV value etc. and
according to your own you
can proceed to pay and you will get
many options to pay, I am
using a card and I will also add a little bit of card details so that
you people do
not get to know the details and I will
fast forward it a little, let me see,
this thing may take some time and
after making this much payment my
insurance will be renewed and I have not taken any
advance other than zero depreciation
because I have
only the option of consumer bill etc. so
total now my policy is updated till 2512 2025,
I have renewed it for one year again
and the option of download policy will
come and by entering your email address here
you can also download your policy there by
ordering, so that's all
friends and it may take 24 years in this,
you may
also get a little early in getting the insurance policy today  So
after completing this process, I
come to renew the second policy,
so here also you get to
see the same day stop which
you were getting to see earlier, but
here I am seeing another option of
return to invoice, so
what is its benefit, if you have the option of return to invoice,
and if you
want to take it, then you
can take it without any hesitation, two conditions apply in this, in
return to invoice, if your vehicle becomes a
total loss, that means it
goes into loss for more than 70 percent, less than which
whatever amount is billed, that amount
is returned to you in full and the second condition is that
if your vehicle gets stolen
or stolen etc. anything happens in which you are
not able to get the vehicle back, then
in that condition also you get the benefit of return to invoice,
it is worth around ₹ 400,
so I am not adding it right now  Yes,
but you can do it and tyre
protection etc. seems nonsense to me,
personally I don't like to add all these things,
if you
have Care Plus in the consumer plan then it will already be covered in it,
anything like screws
etc., this is for small lubricants etc.,
this thing is for washers etc., for nuts etc., for
bolts etc. so even if
you don't add this, it will be fine, you will get
this already added in your Care Plus plan,
so zero depreciation
is very important for fibre vehicles, for
vehicles with plastic body,
without this add-on you should not renew the
insurance at all, you will get
more benefit, get it done with this
and if you want to get return to invoice done then you can get it done,
I personally don't like tyre protection etc.
because these people fuss a lot that this
condition should be like this, that condition should be like that,
so overall we are the ones who suffer
loss, so don't add it to my  This is my
personal opinion, so here I am
getting a no claim bonus of 25
and here I am getting a no claim bonus benefit of 4458,
so the total amount comes out to be
2585, which means
I can assume it to be almost ₹2000000,
so in this also I am getting an
IDV value of around 110000, if
you keep it as maximum as possible, then it will
give more benefit by taking it out, so here we proceed to pay and
renew this insurance as well and after making the payment we also renew this, so hope so guys,
you guys must have got a lot of help from this video,
thank you so much
for watching this video, yes I agree that I am
not able to upload any video here
because I do
not want to bore you guys by making the same old video, I want to
make some useful and important video and bring good content
which is helpful and you
guys also enjoy watching it, so thank you so
much for watching this video guys  See you
in the next video